c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe.config
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.Form1.resources
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.Resources.resources
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.xml
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.pdb
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.xml
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.pdb
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Nest.dll
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Nest.pdb
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Nest.xml
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\rhernandezm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Elasticsearch\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe.config
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.pdb
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.exe
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.pdb
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Nest.pdb
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\Nest.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.Form1.resources
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.Resources.resources
C:\Users\iaviles\Desktop\Elasticsearch\obj\Debug\Elasticsearch.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
